Previously
on Crazy Ex-Girlfriend...
This is Valencia. My girlfriend.
Hi.
And exhale on an "ah..."
Hey, do you want to go grab,
like, a coffee with me?
Why would you
want to do that?
PAULA: Look, I get what
you're doing with this girl.
You befriend the enemy and you
get more face time with Josh.
I'm so glad you moved here,
Becks.
I don't know
what you're trying to do,
or why you pretended
to be my friend,
but stay away from me
and my Josh.
I am attracted to you.
Very,
very attracted to you.
So he said "attracted,"
but then he paused,
and he said "very attracted."
You mentioned that.
Okay, I mentioned it
because it's the "very,"
all right?
That's the wild card.
"Very" is a very important word
in this, right?
Think about it.
You guys have a drink
called Very Berry Blast.
I mean... I'm assuming
that the "very"
means something. Right?
Uh, we don't name 'em.
They just come from corporate.
Okay, but that's-that's
just beside...
beside the point.
Maybe Josh was just
trying to be nice,
like kind of...
BOTH:
...blowing you off?
What?
No, no.
Come on-- no.
You do talk
about him a lot.
What is the history
with you two?
* I was working hard
at a New York job *
* Making dough
but it made me blue *
* One day I was crying a lot
* And so I decided to move
* To West Covina, California
* Brand-new pals
and new career *
* It happens to be
where Josh lives *
* But that's not why I'm here
* She's the crazy
ex-girlfriend *
What? No, I'm not.
* She's the crazy
ex-girlfriend *
That's a sexist term.
* She's the crazy
ex-girlfriend *
Can you guys stop singing
for just a second?
* She's so broken inside *
The situation's a lot more
nuanced than that.
* C-R-A-Z-Y *
Okay! We get it!
* Crazy ex-girlfriend. *
Look, maybe the reason
I haven't heard from Josh
is what he said.
It's that he's very
attracted to me.
You know, it's like...
like, even if our arms brush,
he gets a little tingle
down there.
Hi, Becks!
(growling)
Oh...
(laughing):
Hey, hey, man.
Wow, I haven't
seen you, uh, in what,
four days?
Yeah, I'm very sorry.
Very?
I've been very M.I.A.
With the holidays,
I'm very slammed.
There is very much
traffic today.
(laughs) That's funny.
So "very" is just
your go-to adverb.
That's...
Uh... uh, nothing.
So you were saying?
Yeah, we host Thanksgiving
at our house
and we got cousins and aunts
and uncles pouring in
from Temecula,
Glendale, San Mateo...
Oh, wow.
Oh, Rancho
Cucamonga,
Stockton, Pismo Beach,
Solvang, Victorville...
How about you?
Well, I'm just gonna...
I forgot the M's.
Uh, Modesto, Monrovia,
Mendocino, and that's it.
What are you doing
for Thanksgiving?
Oh, bleh....
I just go to the East Coast,
to Scarsdale with my mom
and we watch
the World Dog Awards.
Oh! And?
We just roll some Craisins
in turkey slices,
make little logs,
and body-shame some puppies.
Cool!
Most important thing, I guess,
is that you'll be with family.
You know, where you belong.
Yeah.
Yeah, where I...
where I belong.
And I put the boba on
the side for Aunt Dhori.
We know she likes to pop 'em
with her hand.
Thanks, guys.
Have the best Thanksgiving,
Becks.
Give your mother my very best.
See you guys!
Have a good one.
Peace!
Very peace!
(baby coos)
MAN:
Okay, everybody ready?
Say "cheese."
ALL: Cheese.
That's good.
(indistinct chatter)
REBECCA:
Everyone belongs
somewhere but me.
That's silly, honey.
You've got family
back home in New York.
I mean, not really.
My dad bailed,
my mom's a misery,
I ate my twin
in the womb.
I really don't want
to go home for the holiday.
It's the last place
I want to be.
Like I said,
you are more than welcome
to my apocalypse
of a Thanksgiving.
Yeah...
I mean, pull up a chair
and enjoy Scott's racist uncle.
You ate your twin?
I mean, medically speaking,
I didn't "eat" it,
I just metabolized
its body parts for my own use.
Why don't you ask Josh
if you can go
to his house for Thanksgiving?
He said he's
"very attracted" to you,
and we know
what that means.
Oh, God, don't even
get me started.
I don't even know
what that means anymore.
I do.
A guy says
something like that,
it means his
current relationship
is about ready
to bite the dust.
He's putting out feelers.
If you could go to his house
for the holiday...
(sighs)
I mean, would I like
to go to the Chans'?
Would I like to be surrounded
by the unconditional love
of a hundred Filipinos?
Of course I would.
Tell us the story!
The library book story!
Again?
Well, no, I couldn't possibly.
(chanting):
Library book story!
Please, Miss Rebecca,
just one more time.
The library book story.
But you know it by heart by now.
Well, all right.
But if Josh was
going to invite me,
he would've asked and he didn't,
so just drop it.
Why do you always
give up so easily?
Do you think Angelina went
into Mr. & Mrs. Smith
with that kind of attitude?
If she had, no Shiloh,
no Maddox, no Vivienne...
Who do you think
belongs next to him
and that turkey on Thursday?
You or Venezuela?
You know what? Thanksgiving is
a beautiful family holiday.
Not gonna let you ruin it
with your scheming.
Okay, okay...
Let's put it this way.
Say a giant boulder
ran over Josh's girlfriend
and she was out of the picture.
How would you feel?
I mean, I'd feel terrible!
Okay? A boulder
would decimate her
and her guts would
be everywhere.
Okay, wow.
Rebecca,
you are getting close to Josh.
I can feel it.
And if you could just get
into that turkey dinner,
you would be set.
It's the holidays, Paula.
People don't always get
what they want.
(bird squawks)
(whooping)
*
Mr. Kincaid, you shouldn't have.
Oh, you didn't.
You never do.
Lynne, I think that's enough.
I can't have you passing out
in the bleachers again.
You don't tell me what to do.
Okay. Great.
Good luck with that.
(indistinct chatter)
REBECCA:
Greg! Greg!
Did you know that
for Thanksgiving
Chris' family
makes tamales?
I love it!
It's an update
on the corn theme.
You're just full of
fascinating facts.
Okay, Mr. Grumpy, I thought
we were friends again.
Give me that smile.
There it is. Yeah.
So what are you doing for
Thanksgiving? Anything special?
Yep.
This year everything
is gonna be different.
Savor that,
because that's the last drink
I'm ever gonna make you.
Yep, that's right.
I am quitting this crappy job.
As soon as this
shift ends.
I can't wait to walk in
and tell my boss to shove it.
It's gonna be
all Jerry Maguire
mixed in with
a little Norma Rae.
Oh, yeah. Someone stole
a Netflix password.
Yeah, I finally
saved up enough money
to move out
and to go to business school.
I just have to find a nurse
for my dad first.
Wow. Wait, business school?
This is great.
This is what you wanted.
Yep. My dad's not gonna
be happy I'm moving out,
but I figure I tell him
over Thanksgiving dinner,
then we'll patch
things up
over buffalo mozzarella
and prosciutto,
just like they did
in the first Thanksgiving.
Wait. Really?
I go to public school.
Obviously.
This is great.
This is...
everything you wanted.
You're moving on.
It's awesome,
you deserve it.
I'm gonna miss you.
Can I buy you a drink
before you move?
What's the catch?
No catch. It's a free drink.
You in or out?
In. Hey, V.
Hey, Greg.
What brings you by?
Oh, just picking Elena
up from softball.
Hey, Valencia.
Hey, V-ster.
V-dog?
VW?
VW Bus?
What-what are your plans
for Thanksgiving, Valencia?
Bye, Greg.
Bye, Valencia!
I like your sleeveless
crocheted trench coat!
Wow.
You guys have such
a great rapport.
Yeah, she doesn't
like me so much.
No, she doesn't like you a lot.
But to be fair,
she's probably in a bad mood
because it's Thanksgiving.
She goes to Josh's house,
and it's tough for her.
What, to bask
in the warm embrace
of a loving Filipino family?
Why is that tough?
You don't know?
The Chans don't
like Valencia.
Because Asians don't
like dumb people.
Chris!
So mildly racist.
It's a problem.
Every time Valencia has
to hang with the Chans,
she and Josh
almost break up.
I had no idea.
Poor Josh.
Poor Valencia, too.
*
REBECCA:
I can't get over it.
Poor Josh. Poor Valencia.
It must be awful to go
to your boyfriend's house
and just not feel
like you belong.
Yeah, it's really
unfortunate.
I've never been
to this place.
There's a lot
of bok choy
and live fish
with whiskers.
And all the Asians.
What are you up to?
Don't you understand
that the tension between
Valencia and the Chans,
that's your in,
that's your boulder.
You are gonna crush
her little bird bones.
What's going on?
What am I doing here?
You are a parent's dream.
And as soon as Josh's parents
get a look at you,
they're going to fall in love.
And he will follow.
Okay... but how are they going
to get a look at me?
I don't exactly see them
around anywhere...
Mrs. Chan.
Oh, I get it.
I see what
you did there
Yep.
Should've seen
that coming.
*
MAN:
The boss is back.
Look busy.
Hey, Kevin.
Can I talk to you for a sec?
Sure, what's up?
I'll tell you what's up.
What's up is that every day
I work in this bar,
I feel like I am eating
a sandwich of bile and tears.
Ugh.
Shh. Please.
I have a thing prepared.
I'm here to tell you
that I've reached the Rubicon,
my own personal tipping point...
Nice line.
You write that?
Wait, are you quitting?
Good for you!
Kevin, please.
I gotta get this out.
I quit this bar!
Yeah, I just said that.
I quit making blended drinks
for bad tippers.
I quit using a cash register
that spells mojito with an "H."
I quit your terrible breath.
Appreciate the feedback.
I had a dental
procedure.
I really should irrigate
more frequently.
Kevin, you're
ruining this for me.
Wait, are you going back
to business school?!
This is fantastic!
I always wondered
when you were gonna!
You're too good for this place.
(chuckles)
Now, bring it here.
What...?
Now, you, get out of here!
How did you know
she was here?
It's best if I don't
share that with you.
Come on, let's
go talk to her.
No, I don't want
to talk to her.
This is embarrassing.
Paula, come on.
I don't want to make
an ass of myself--
oh, oh!
I'm so sorry, Mrs. Chan.
Oh, hello.
Hi, Mrs. Chan.
I don't know if
you remember me.
I'm Rebecca Bunch.
I went to camp
with your son Josh
like ten-ish years ago.
Oh, of course!
You two had that
adorable little romance!
Right, I called the
house a couple times.
Left a couple
funny messages.
How have you been?
I've been so grea... great.
How has she been?!
Harvard undergrad,
Yale law, 1550 SATs,
winner NCAJ Mock Trial
Championships.
Oh, that is all very,
uh, impressive.
Isn't it?
Hi. Paula, coworker,
confidant.
(laughs)
Rebecca, welcome to town.
You should join us
for dinner sometime.
That's so sweet of you.
I would love that.
What about tomorrow?
Paula, no, that's Thanksgiving.
And you have
nowhere to go.
You poor thing.
She saw her parents
murdered in front of her...
in an alley...
in Gotham.
Oh, dear.
Just like Batman.
Yes.
So Paula's-- I'm sorry.
Paula's joking.
My parents aren't dead.
They're just abandoning
and frigid, so...
I see.
That's also very terrible.
Exactly.
Uh, guess so.
I mean, I would ask her
to come to my house,
but we're going to Paris.
'Cause that's
where we autumn.
It's like wintering
but cheaper.
Aw, Rebecca!
You shouldn't be alone
on Thanksgiving.
Why don't you come over
and spend the holiday with us?
Josh will be
so thrilled.
Oh... um...
I would love that.
Yeah.
That's so generous of you.
I would be honored.
What can I bring?
Oh, just bring your appetite,
my dear.
See you tomorrow.
Okay, thank you so much again.
Bye.
Bye!
Whoa! Whoa!
I'm actually going to--
wait-- a real Thanksgiving
with a real family?!
I know.
Wait, oh, no, wait.
What's Josh gonna think
when I just show up
to his house randomly?
Yeah, we're gonna
find out in a second.
She's texting him
right now.
(phone chimes)
You're an evil genius.
Uh-huh, yeah.
You're welcome.
Welcome to the fam-bam.
* It's got to be love
* What else could
feel like this? *
(birds chirping in distance)
* It's got to be love
* It started with...
(door closes)
Dad, what is this--
a heart-attack buffet?
Get off my ass, Greg.
It's a holiday.
I'm enjoying the things
that make life worthwhile.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, that's
for Sinatra and Tormé.
By all means, serve the high-end
food to your macaws.
It's not enough that you
let them crap in the shower.
I'm training them.
Dad, all I'm saying is,
if you're gonna go
through the trouble
to train them,
train them
to use the toilet.
Oh, that's a good
idea-- they're birds.
Maybe I should train them
to wipe their ass.
(laughs)
(coughing)
Do you need the oxygen tank?
No, no, no, no.
Stop it.
Why you bothering me?
Isn't there some girl
you could be trying to bang?
Oh, what about that, that crazy
girl you met at the party?
The one from the taco festival?
Why do I tell you anything?
Oh, right, I was drunk.
That girl's not for me, Dad.
Trust me, Dad,
listen.
Sure.
Listen to me.
There's something
I want to talk to you about.
Some, um,
changes I want to make.
Me, too.
I'm thinking
about a third macaw.
I'm thinking Bennett
for Tony Bennett.
(laughs)
Oh, so serious.
What is it?
Tell me.
(coughing)
I'll get the tank.
Yep, yep... ah.
MAN:
So you want to speak Tagalog,
the mother tongue
of the Philippines.
Let's start with "Hello."
Mabuhay-- say it with me.
BOTH:
Mabuhay.
"Nice to meet you."
BOTH:
Natutwa akong makilala kayo.
Okay, I know
I'm forgetting something.
(gasps)
Whoa! Ooh!
No, okay.
(knocking)
PAULA:
Heya!
Whew, something
smells weird in here.
Oh, uh, well,
it's a Filipino dish
called dinuguan-- it consists
of pork cooked in pork's blood.
Do you want to try some?
Uh, thanks, but I think
I'm all full up
from the wonderful smell.
You know what? That's just
your culturally insensitive
taste buds talking.
Okay, I can only
stay for a second.
I'm making pies
for people that I hate.
Which is mixed emotions for me,
because I like pie.
Okay.
As discussed, here it is.
This brooch contains a small
video camera and microphone.
It's exactly like
the teddy bear nanny cam
that we used in the Gatwick
divorce, but with audio.
No...
So it will
transmit everything
you see and hear directly
to an app on my phone,
so I will not miss
any of your triumph.
(laughs)
This isn't weird, right?
Is it weird?
No.
Okay, cool.
I got to go, but I cannot wait
to watch you push Valderrama
out of the picture.
*
REBECCA:
* I give good parent
* She gives good parent
REBECCA:
* I give good parent
MRS. CHAN:
* She gives real good parent
REBECCA:
* I give good parent
MRS. CHAN:
* She gives good parent
* To parents like me
* I was born gifted,
been blessed *
* Din-din guest
for the win-- yes *
* When I pull up, gym test
* Prepare for your parents
to be impressed *
* I present proper
like a TED talker *
* Got your current chick
lookin' like Greg Focker *
* I'm here to conquer,
I've come to slaughter *
* These dads and moms
is my sons and daughters *
* Skilled seductress,
I will kill and crush this *
* This is my business
and I'm built for success *
* Expect to witness
a familial love fest *
* Valencia, you're zip,
zilch and bupkis *
* I give good parent
* She gives good parent
* She gives real good parent
* I give good parent
* She gives good parent
* To parents like me
* Brought a nice red,
so when I come in the place *
* I already got 'em
heated up under the waist *
* Your home's such
a beautiful, comfortable space *
* Bitches, you two
have wonderful taste *
* Sit down at the table
and I'm murdering *
* Inquiring what
line of work they're in *
* Making faces
like I'm crazed erotically *
* Wait, my uncle
is in radiology *
* Every dish is delicious,
Michelin Star *
* Please pass the arroz
like I passed the bar *
* An attorney?
* Yale law, Harvard undergrad
* Got the Chan fam damp
in their underpants *
* Dad tells jokes,
I squeal in amusement *
* I agree that Neil Diamond
is real music *
* Gonna suck up and kiss ass
till I have 'em eatin' *
* Outta this hand like
they're eatin' this what? *
* I'm DTF, but understand me
* It means I'm dazzling
the family *
* Like an anaconda,
bitch, I'm immense *
* And you a common wench,
so grovel, Valence *
* Boss-ass bitch,
no one's above me *
* End of the night,
they line up to hug me *
* Oh, my gosh,
this was so lovely *
* To be clear, your parents
want to have sex with me *
* I give good parent
MRS. CHAN:
* She gives good parent
* I give good parent
* To parents like me.
(laughs)
(laughter)
So I open up
the chest in the attic,
and there it is!
Let's just say that was
one very late library book.
(laughter)
Oh, my God,
your sisters love that story.
Yeah, up top, Jayma.
Yeah!
Up top, Jastenity.
Okay.
Whoa.
My dad never smiles.
You almost got one there.
So, um, how did
your Thanksgiving
food plan work out?
I noticed that you had
a lot of the dinuguan.
Yeah, it looked
so good this year,
I nixed the yams
with the marshmallows.
Interesting.
Uh, fun fact-- I made it.
No. No, you did not.
Yeah.
Get out of here.
Are you sure you're
not Filipino?
I wish, I wish I could be
from your country.
I can only be so lucky.
MRS. CHAN:
Oh, Rebecca.
It's wonderful that you
are such a bookworm.
Ah, we have
something in common.
I am in a very
interesting book club.
I love books and clubs.
Two of my favorite things.
You should join.
We would love to have
a young person like you.
Oh, yeah.
I would love to go
to your book club,
too, Mrs. Chan.
I actually just read a book.
It's about journaling.
Lea Michele wrote it.
Lots of blank pages.
So it's basically a journal.
Uh-huh, I see.
(laughs)
Would you like
more turkey, Rebecca?
Ma, you promised to be nicer
to Valencia this year.
What?
*
(Paula laughing)
What you watching?
Your soap?
Yeah, my soap opera.
I knew it.
I remember you liked that.
All of My Days
or something like that?
That's the, that's the one.
All right, Dad,
let me get this out.
Listen, I love living
with you...
Dad?
Damn it!
We've been here before.
He needs one in the small
of his back.
Otherwise, the farts
have nowhere to go.
Here, I can do it.
Oh, thanks, Greg.
I don't like a hot butt.
Nobody does, Dad.
(knocking)
Um, may I speak
with you privately, Mr. Serrano?
So we were able
to stabilize him,
but we have a couple
of concerns.
One, his oxygen levels
are too low,
so we need to run
some more tests.
And two... your dad keeps
asking me to go outside
and have a cigarette
and some whiskey with him.
Mm.
Not okay.
In a lot of ways.
MARCO:
Cathy, the menthols?
I'm sorry he still smokes...
and drinks and
literally eats lard.
He doesn't listen
to me, he never has.
Well, that's not the problem--
I mean, it is a problem--
it's just that
his emphysema has progressed
from a stage one
to a stage two,
which means we need
to change the protocol,
add some medications.
Okay.
The thing is,
our best treatment options
aren't covered
by your insurance.
So if you'd like to proceed,
I'll need your approval.
How much is it going...?
Whoa, how am I supposed
to pay for that?
*
Here you go, I'll take that.
And I will take that, sir.
Sit, sit, sit.
Honestly, I just want
some private time
so I can lick all these
plates myself.
Too gross or too honest?
Take a vote, BRB.
(laughs)
Oh, honey,
well, look at that.
You've barely eaten anything.
You must be starving.
Of course I'm starving.
I've been starving since 1998.
You know what, that is
the media telling you
what your body should be,
and it just gets my goat...
Oh, cut the crap.
I see what you're doing,
sucking up to Josh's parents.
Well, it's not gonna work.
Parents may love brown-nosers,
but men, like Josh, love me.
(scoffs)
You are out of your depth.
You don't understand
our relationship,
and you don't understand Josh.
We have history.
We have chemistry.
Well, that's a lot
of academic subjects.
You think he's
gonna find you sexy
when you're spending all day
shopping with his mom
for visors?
Ooh, girl, hang in there.
(clicks tongue)
Oh, honey.
You're having a tough day.
I get it, the holidays
can be stressful.
Can I get you anything?
Maybe a hot cup of arroz caldo?
I don't need chicken soup,
thank you.
Chicken soup is just
hot melted fat water.
You don't belong here--
this is not your family.
And good luck digesting
all that gross food.
That's culturally insensitive.
LOURDES:
Time for the family photo.
Don't belong here?
That's ridiculous.
Smile!
(camera shutter clicks)
Hey, Kevin.
Listen, um...
I said a lot of regrettable
things yesterday,
and I wanted you
to know I'm sorry.
You were only saying what
others were thinking.
Thank you.
I got a tongue scraper.
Things are looking
hhhheeexxxcellent.
(chuckles)
That's terrific.
It's minty.
Yeah.
You want your job
back, don't you?
I do.
You think that's the first
Netflix quit I've seen?
Had a busboy do the entire
Peter Finch speech from Network.
Shouted out of a
window and everything.
Oh, it was Javier.
JAVIER:
Welcome back, Greg.
"I'm mad as hell, and I'm not
gonna take it anymore!"
Oh, it was great.
You should have been there.
Ah, they all come back.
Greg, you want your
job back, it's yours.
Ah.
Ooh.
Ah, ah.
(chuckles)
I forgot how much fun
it was here-- I missed that.
Yeah.
Um, listen, I really
appreciate this,
but I don't want to work
today, it's Thanksgiving,
and I have seniority,
I can pick my shifts.
Had seniority.
So sorry.
Oh, and, uh...
the toilets
are clogged.
Who flushes a jump rope?
So sorry.
Aunt Dhori, I insist
that you call me.
I think we have
a case here, I really do.
Listen, if the frozen
dinner box says
that there are five shrimp,
there should be five, not four.
Yeah, totally.
Okay.
Call me, yeah.
Rebecca, thank you so much
for coming today.
We are so thankful
God sent you to us.
REBECCA: Oh...
(both chuckle)
"God sent you to us."
Aw, that's nice, Paula.
Thought you hated me.
I do.
Everyone hates you.
You're racist.
Well, um, thanks
again for everything.
I guess I should really go.
Yeah, you really should.
Valencia.
What? She wants to go.
Well, good-bye.
Bye, Jayma. Bye, Jastenity.
Wait, Rebecca.
Would you join our
family for mass?
We'd love
to have you.
Um, she's Jewish.
I would be so honored,
Mrs. Chan, thank you.
Wow, can I just say,
you have made me feel
like I truly belong.
Oh, of course you do.
Great, I'll also
join for mass
because I actually
believe in Jesus.
(chuckling):
Knock yourself out.
It's a public place
of worship.
(stomach gurgling)
Uh, where is your powder room
really quickly?
Oh, it's just down
the hall, sweetie.
Okay... thank you.
I'll be right...
Thanks.
(stomach gurgling)
(speaks indistinctly)
(cell phone ringing)
(whispering):
Hey. Hey, Paula.
Hey, cookie,
you are crushing it!
Yeah, I know,
it's going so well.
Okay, listen.
I have to go to the bathroom,
(door slams)
but I will call you...
Wait-wait, wait-wait,
wait, hold on.
Hold on. Hold it,
somebody's here.
Oh, crap.
I really have to poo-poo.
Okay, hold on.
VALENCIA: I'm so... I try so
hard to be nice to your mom,
and all she ever gives me
is stink face.
Hold on, shh, shh, shh.
JOSH: Babe, babe, babe,
she-she loves you.
And you just stood
there doing nothing
while she sucked up to everyone
like a vacuum cleaner.
(gasps)
Come on, Rebecca
was just being nice.
It's Josh and Valencia.
Nice?!
VALENCIA:
So naive, Josh!
You don't see
who she really is.
(gasps)
They're fighting.
It's so sad.
Oh, my God, I can hear it.
You didn't even sit
next to me.
I told you I wanted to
be closer to the turkey.
I like the skin!
PAULA: I can hear it.
Why don't you
stick up for me?
Oh, my God, this is it--
this is the boulder.
Wait-wait, wait, wait, wait,
shh, shh, shh.
Wait, wait, I can't hear.
Wait.
It's gone quiet.
What happened?
Did she kill him?
(mattress springs
squeak rhythmically)
What is that sound?
Wait, I don't know.
Maybe it's a tiny trampoline.
Or a ghost with a rusty knee?
(Valencia moans)
Oh, my God, Rebecca,
are they...?
(Josh and Valencia moaning)
Oh, no.
(Valencia moans)
JOSH: Oh, yeah.
Run out of the room.
Just sprint by their writhing
bodies and escape.
(stomach gurgling)
No, no-no, I can't.
Because if I move,
my bowels will explode.
Like, all over the walls.
Wait, shh, shh, shh.
Shh, I think they've stopped.
I think they stopped,
hold on, hold on.
(bed resumes squeaking)
(Josh and Valencia moaning)
Oh, God, the stamina.
Why won't this end?
When is this gonna end?
Huh.
Never noticed that before.
* It's 5:53 on Thanksgiving
* Not one customer's walked
through the door *
* But I'm still here,
slinging drinks for a living *
* I've never played
piano before *
Not bad.
* I know this town
like the back of my hand *
* But I'm not such a fan
of the back of my hand *
* 'Cause if you look
real close *
* At those little hairs
and veins *
* You're like,
"Hands are sort of gross" *
* It's hard to explain
* The point is
* Hey, West Covina
* Why won't you
let me break free? *
* Am I doomed to stay here
* Pouring my high school
friends beers *
* For the rest of eternity?
* Hey, West Covina
* You know just
where to find me *
* I'll never go far,
so pull up to the bar *
* Hey, West Covina
* What'll it be?
* It's 5:55,
I'm still singing *
* The big Turkey Day game's
letting out *
* But no one's coming here
* Who am I kidding?
* Hey, you sunburned MILFs,
give me a shout *
* Everyone's going home 'cause
it's time to give thanks *
* Thanks for the chain stores
and outlets and banks *
* Thanks for this town three
short hours from the beach *
* Where all of your dreams
can stay just out of reach... *
(imitates drum fill)
* Hey, West Covina
* You're not listening,
so what's the use? *
* Is my purpose in life
to slice limes with a knife? *
* Or to serve Deb a vodka
and cranberry juice? *
Hey, Deb,
I'll be right with you.
* Hey, West Covina
* Look what you're doing to me
* Can't you see, West Covina
* You're killing me,
West Covina *
* Last call, West Covina
* What'll it be?
(pop music playing on radio)
Hold on. Hold on. Wait,
I think they might be gone.
Shh. Hold on.
Oh...
Yes. Yes.
Okay, they're gone.
Go to the bathroom, honey.
No. I'm gonna make a run for it
because I can't be
in this house any longer.
Are you crazy?
You'll never make it!
You will never make it.
(stomach gurgling)
There you are!
Ready for church?
You know, I really want to go,
but I have to take a giant...
(stomach gurgling)
rain check.
(clinking)
Everyone...
I have an announcement to make.
Today has been
a special day.
So nice to see everyone here
from, you know,
Rancho Cucamonga,
and Stockton,
Monrovia,
Victorville...
Yeah, all the places!
JOSH:
I'm so thankful for
the wonderful meal
and for, you know,
sharing great laughs,
as always.
(stomach gurgling)
But there were also
some challenging moments.
Those moments are
really important, too.
Because of those moments,
we find out what really matters
and are reminded
where we belong.
And I belong...
with Valencia.
On that note,
and in front of
the people I love the most
and who love me
the most...
V, I want to ask
you something.
(quiet murmuring)
Valencia...
will you move
in with me?
(gasps)
I do!
I mean, I will.
No...
Now, who wants
to go see Jesus?
(laughter)
(TV plays indistinctly)
Hey.
I brought your robe.
I know you hate
that these hospital gowns
leave your ass hanging out.
My ass will hang out
when I say it should.
I am the captain of my own ass.
(both laugh)
I know what you did.
What?
(scoffs)
One of the nurses
ratted you out.
You spent
all your savings?
On me?
(laughing):
Why?
I'm a lost cause.
Run, like your mother did.
Save yourself.
And-and the macaws.
You need those treatments.
You gotta go to school.
Move out.
It's-it's time.
Don't you tell me
what to do.
I make my own decisions,
thank you very much,
and I'm not going
anywhere, sorry.
Now...
Don't, don't...
fight me on this.
Look at you, old man,
you'd lose.
You have tubes in your face.
You know what
my father would've done
if I talked to him like that?
He probably would've said,
"Thank you for
saving my life, son."
(laughing):
Yeah, probably.
My father was a saint.
(both laugh)
Now, hey...
get out of here.
And get yourself
something to eat,
something decent to eat.
The food here is garbage.
I will, in a bit.
I'm not in a hurry.
(TV plays indistinctly)
I love you, you know.
Almost as much
as Sinatra,
and he's a damned good bird.
(chuckles)
Oh, no, no, no.
Change that. No, no.
I don't...
The beach volleyball, come on.
I don't need...
Oh, look at, look at that.
La, la, la, la.
Oh, Brazil!
Oh, go, baby, go.
You can make it, you can
make it, you can make it...
PAULA:
You can do it, baby.
You can make it.
Just don't think about it.
Oh, thank God...
Oh... oh...
Paula, come on.
Enough with that.
So, this is
our first Thanksgiving
without Aunt Judy.
Let's, uh...
have a moment
of silence for her.
REBECCA:
Why...?
Because she's dead.
(snoring)
(knocking at door)
Hey, Paula!
Come in.
(door opens)
Oh, I think my spleen
is somewhere
in the municipal sewer system.
(door closes)
Oh...
Oh... my butthole's
the gateway to hell.
(moaning)
You look great.
Hi!
What are you
doing here?
You promised me a drink.
I got tired of waiting.
Okay. So you just showed up?
And, like, phones don't exist?
I decided we're past courtesy.
I brought
tacos and tequila,
the food of
our forefathers.
Well, not really yours.
Or mine.
That's really nice.
But, God, I'm not really
in a position
to eat that stuff right now.
I've had the worst
Thanksgiving ever.
Yeah, mine was really bad, too.
It was like Pearl Harbor
meets the movie Pearl Harbor.
(laughs)
That's funny.
Well, feel free
to sit down,
but I gotta warn you,
I'm not good company.
That's okay. I'm used to it.
Ha, ha, ha!
(laughs evilly)
You know what? Maybe I will
have some tequila.
Yeah.
(stomach gurgling)
Oh, no, no, no.
Not tacos, though.
Not gonna handle
those tacos right now.
Here, let me get you a plate
to eat the tacos on,
because you're a person.
(stomach gurgling)
Uh-oh. Oh, God.
Oh, no...
Where are you... going?
Okay, okay, okay.
I'll be back, I'll be back.
Clench, Becky. Clench, Becky.
You can do it.
Okay.
Okay, Becky.
(door closes)
Let's see what's on my queue.
No.
Mm-- no. Sorry you
had to see that.
Ooh! Documentary about a whale
that didn't have parents.
Mm. Mm-hmm.
That says Thanksgiving.
So... how'd your dad
take the news?
Oh, yeah, that didn't happen.
Really? He asked you to stay?
Nah, it's just...
The thing is,
he's always been there for me,
my whole life.
The only person, actually.
God...
it's nice that
you have that.
'Cause not everyone does.
That whale didn't.
No.
(chuckles)
Have you thought
about night school?
Yeah. It's funny
you say that.
I have been thinking about it.
Do it!
Maybe I will.
Okay.
Why does Netflix
always want me
to watch Leaving Las Vegas?
What are they trying to tell me?
(gasps) Wait.
I know exactly
what we should watch.
(clicking)
There. I saved
you the pork adobo
and the turkey
skin, Anak.
Thanks, Mom.
Hey, that was
a great sermon, huh?
Perfect combination
of guilt and...
No, I guess
it was just guilt.
VALENCIA:
I wasn't even paying attention.
I was just... so happy.
(giggling)
(both laughing)
I'm going to bed.
All I ask is
if you're going to go against
the church and live in sin,
be consistent
and use contraception, okay?
(sighs)
(humming)
Thanks, Mom.
Good night.
You want to hear
something funny?
You want to know who
I'm most thankful for today?
Rebecca.
What? Why?
But don't get me wrong.
She's the worst and I hate her.
But if it wasn't
for us fighting about her,
we wouldn't be moving in
together!
(both laughing)
So, which part of town
should we live in?
Uh, I haven't thought
about it yet.
Well, I have,
because I have my eye on
a duplex on South Cameron
with a backyard
and shutters
and French doors and Spanish
tile and an orange tree.
It has two bedrooms,
which would be perfect,
because I need the extra room
to practice my Ashtanga.
REBECCA (sighs):
The World Dog Awards.
(barking on TV)
Now that says
Thanksgiving.
I hate to say it,
but that bloodhound
could definitely benefit
from a juice cleanse.
Mm-hmm, yeah.
Whoa.
Yes, that is one portly puppy.
Mm.
Oh, here.
Here you go.
No one likes a hot butt.
(barking on TV)
Hmm.
Oh, my God, I can't believe
I'm eating again.
Yeah, I was gonna say,
speaking of portly puppies.
Woof! Woof!
That's not nice.
Woof! Woof! Woof!
You've lost
your pillow privileges.
Ooh, ooh, giant pillow!
No! That's unfair!
(Greg laughing)
Oh.
No! Not Greg. Josh! Josh!
(sighs)
I worked so hard for nothing!
GIRL:
Another story, Miss Rebecca.
'Twas the night
of the Dunster House Formal.
The place? Harvard.
The year? 2008.
I remember it
specifically
because I had
a Barack Obama bobblehead
perched on my nightstand.
And as I was being
rhythmically trashed
by a junior visiting
from the Brown improv troupe,
the bobblehead nodded
up and down as if to say,
"Yes, yes, you have made
another terrible decision,
you silly, weak woman."
(shrieking):
Mommy!
I was out of stories!
Captioning sponsored by
CBS